Rework FAQ (#24)
darkpalacestudio/darkpalacestudio.github.io: faq.markdown

permalink: /faq/
---

# What file-formats are available for your plugins?
All of our plugins are available in the following formats:
- **Windows**: VST3, CLAP
- **macOS** AU, VST3, CLAP
- **Ubuntu** VST3, CLAP

# What are the system requirements for your plugins?
- 64 Bit
- OpenGL 3 or Higher

# What form of DRM/copy-protection is used in your plugins?
Our plugins do not come with any form of DRM (Digital Rights Management) and are considered
DRM-Free meaning that you own what you buy, no strings attached.

# How many computers can I install and use the plugin on?
You can install and use our plugins on as many computers are you like.

# Do the plugins require an internet connection to function?

> No, all of your plugins *run completely offline* and do not require any form of internet

Reviewer: I am not quite sure about the inconsistent usage of 
- "our" plugins
- "your" plugins 
- "the" plugins
- Darkpalace Studio plugins

No strong preference for any of those, I would just like it to be consistent.

Author: Good catch! For the requestions I will refer to "your" and for the answers I will refer to "our"

connection.

Darkpalace Studio plugins will **never**
- Try to "call home"
- Require any sort of online service
- Include any sort of revocation or invalidation mechanism
- Track any of our users for data

# How can I purchase any of the plugins?
All of our plugins are sold through Tentary which you can access by clicking the "Buy" button

> located top-left of the designated plugin page which will take you to the payment provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
located top of the designated plugin page which will take you to the payment provider
```

At least for me the button is top-right, not top-left. Am I seeing an old version?

> which handles secure payment and provides a way to download the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which handles secure payment and taxes. Tentary also provides you a way to download the files.
```

You can also find all of our plugins on the [Tentary Shop](https://darkpalacestudio.tentary.com/)

# Do you offer sales?

> We believe that our plugins are offered at a reasonable price considering the current market

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We believe that our plugins are offered at a reasonable price considering the current market.
```

Darkpalace Studio plugins are offered at a reasonable fixed price.
Setting fixed prices is a very fair option for all involved parties.

> Thus there will be no sales or any bundle deals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus there will be no sales.

Note that we do offer Affiliate links where a percentage of the price is a commission. The price for the customer stays the same.
```

# Do you offer any plugin subscriptions?
We do not offer any subscription options and/or services.

# Will I have to pay for future updates?
All of our plugins come with free life-time updates.

# Do you offer demo versions or trials?
As of this moment, no. As a new and small plugin develop, time management is a crucial and difficult part.

> Building a demo is a lot of effort to both develop and manage and goes against our principle of DRM-protection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building a demo is a lot of effort regarding development and maintenance.  Also it goes against our principle of no DRM-protection.
```

Because of that we believe that it's worth more to spend our time on adding new features and 
building more awesome audio plugins.

# Do you offer refunds?
Due to our plugins not containing any form of DRM (Digital Rights Management) we generally do not
issue any refunds. Our reasoning is that a customer could buy one of our products, request a refund 
and then continue to use our products.

> In the case that you are truly unsatisfied with one of our products feel free to get in touch so
> that we can discuss potential solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case there are any technical issues with one of our products, feel free to get in touch so
that we can discuss potential solutions.
```

# Your sales strategy is different from Y! Can you do Z?
Most like not, most companies are focussing a lot of time and effort into generating as much revenue 
as possible by utilizing various strategies such as:
- False advertisement as to what a product actually does
- Offering bundles as 'to-good-to-be-true'
- High upgrade fees

> - DRM (login, dongles, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DRM (login, dongles, etc)
- Subscription based services
- Verndor lock-ins
```

And many more tools from the [Enshittification](https://www.wired.com/story/tiktok-platforms-cory-doctorow/) toolbox.
At Darkpalace Studio we believe in the concept of "[You Buy it, You own it](https://doctorow.medium.com/https-pluralistic-net-2023-12-08-playstationed-tyler-james-hill-2ba28bfdbefc)"

> # Some of these themes look great but can I create my own?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Some of these themes look great! Can I create my own?
```

> Yes! All of our plugins are highly customizable, take a look at the respective manual for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! All of our plugins are highly customizable, take a look at the respective manual for more details and feel free to contact us if there are any questions.
```

- [this website](https://syntheway.com/fix-au-vst-vst3-macos.htm).

> # The plugin appears to look incorrectly scaled on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The plugin appears to look incorrectly scaled
```

Might also happen on macOS or any other operating system that does weird stuff with display scaling

Windows is known to not always be consistent, this including letting applications know
of the ui-scaling factor it uses. Because of this the GUI of Darkpalace Studio plugins can
often look out of proportions. In order to address this you will have to change a value in
the json file of the theme you are using.

- **Win**: `C:\Users\Public\Documents\Darkpalace Studio\[pluginName]`
- **Mac**: `/Users/Shared/Darkpalace Studio/[pluginName]`
- **Linux**: `~/.config/Darkpalace Studio/[pluginName]`

After this open the respective JSON file for the current theme and look for the value
custom_ui_scaling_factor key which should be located at the top of the file.

Once you’ve found this, change is to a decimal value representing your display-scaling
value. e.g. If your display-scaling is set to 125% in windows, change the value of 
custom_ui_scaling_factor to 1.25

# When running the windows installer an error pops-up regarding installing the VST (Error 183)

> Windows is known to have issues with file-locking, before running the installer please make sure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows is known to have issues with file-locking. Before running the installer, please make sure
```

that any VST-Host applications are closed and, if present, try to delete the already existing

> plugin files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugin files before installation.
```

# When I try opening the plugin UI nothing shows up (But it does not crash)

> This is a known bug and we are working on fixing this, for now this can be fixed by going to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a known issue with some DAWs. For now this can be fixed by going to
```
